README.md, before:

# Stevenson Space App

Welcome to **Stevenson Space**, the next-generation student companion app designed for Stevenson High School. Built for speed, elegance, and utility, Stevenson Space aims to keep you organized and informed throughout the school day.  

> WARNING  
> **Current Status: Alpha Stage**  
> The app is currently in active development (Alpha). You will likely encounter bugs and unfinished features.  
> **Note**: Primary support is currently for **iOS only**. Android is not supported as of yet.

---

## 🛠 Tech Stack

- **Framework**: [Expo 54](https://expo.dev/) (SDK 54)
- **Runtime**: [React Native 0.81](https://reactnative.dev/)
- **Navigation**: [Expo Router](https://docs.expo.dev/router/introduction/)
- **Icons**: [Lucide React Native](https://lucide.dev/)
- **Styling**: Native CSS styling with a focus on premium aesthetics.
- **State Management**: [Zustand](https://github.com/pmndrs/zustand)
- **Data Fetching**: [TanStack Query](https://tanstack.com/query/latest)

---

## 🗺 Roadmap

Our goal is to create a seamless experience across all platforms. Below is the plan for the upcoming releases:

### 🌟 Version 1.0 (Production Launch)
*The first stable release for all students.*

- **📱 Platform Support**: Official **Android** support.
- **🎨 UI Refinement**: 
  - Transition to **Expo UI** for a native look and feel on iOS 18+ and Android.
  - Native Navigation bars and Segmented Controls.
- **📅 Calendar Enhancements**:
  - Implement "Form Sheets" on iOS 18+ for event details.
  - Clean event view: Show title by default, reveal full description on click.
- **🥗 Content Updates**:
  - Real-time Lunch Menu updates.
  - Synced Calendar Events.
- **👤 Profile & Settings**:
  - Transform "Settings" into a personal "Profile" page.
  - Fully functional Push Notifications configuration.

### 🚀 Version 1.1 (Next Steps)
*Advanced features to boost productivity.*

- **📅 Personalization**: Ability to add and manage your personal class schedule.
- **🧩 Widgets**: Home screen widgets for both iOS and Android.
- **⚡️ Live Activities**: Stay updated with real-time events on your lock screen.
- **🏝 Dynamic Island**: Deep integration with the Dynamic Island for active session tracking.

---

## 💻 Getting Started

To run the project locally, ensure you have [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) installed and follow these steps:

### 1. Clone the Repository

```sh
git clone https://github.com/TechNerd2009/Stevenson-Space-App.git
cd Stevenson-Space-App
```

### 2. Install Dependencies:

```sh
npm install
```

### 3. Start the Development Server:

```sh
npx expo start
```

### 4. Open the App:

   - For **iOS**: Press `i` to open in the simulator (requires Xcode) or scan the QR code with your camera/Expo Go.
   - For **Web**: Press `w` to open in your browser.

---

## 🤝 Contribution & Bug Reports  

As we are in **Alpha**, your feedback is critical. If you find a bug or have a feature request, please reach out to the development team.

Commit message:

Add Android instructions to README
Updated instructions for opening the app on Android.

README.md, after:

# Stevenson Space App

Welcome to **Stevenson Space**, the next-generation student companion app designed for Stevenson High School. Built for speed, elegance, and utility, Stevenson Space aims to keep you organized and informed throughout the school day.  

> WARNING  
> **Current Status: Alpha Stage**  
> The app is currently in active development (Alpha). You will likely encounter bugs and unfinished features.  
> **Note**: Primary support is currently for **iOS only**. Android is not supported as of yet.

---

## 🛠 Tech Stack

- **Framework**: [Expo 54](https://expo.dev/) (SDK 54)
- **Runtime**: [React Native 0.81](https://reactnative.dev/)
- **Navigation**: [Expo Router](https://docs.expo.dev/router/introduction/)
- **Icons**: [Lucide React Native](https://lucide.dev/)
- **Styling**: Native CSS styling with a focus on premium aesthetics.
- **State Management**: [Zustand](https://github.com/pmndrs/zustand)
- **Data Fetching**: [TanStack Query](https://tanstack.com/query/latest)

---

## 🗺 Roadmap

Our goal is to create a seamless experience across all platforms. Below is the plan for the upcoming releases:

### 🌟 Version 1.0 (Production Launch)
*The first stable release for all students.*

- **📱 Platform Support**: Official **Android** support.
- **🎨 UI Refinement**: 
  - Transition to **Expo UI** for a native look and feel on iOS 18+ and Android.
  - Native Navigation bars and Segmented Controls.
- **📅 Calendar Enhancements**:
  - Implement "Form Sheets" on iOS 18+ for event details.
  - Clean event view: Show title by default, reveal full description on click.
- **🥗 Content Updates**:
  - Real-time Lunch Menu updates.
  - Synced Calendar Events.
- **👤 Profile & Settings**:
  - Transform "Settings" into a personal "Profile" page.
  - Fully functional Push Notifications configuration.

### 🚀 Version 1.1 (Next Steps)
*Advanced features to boost productivity.*

- **📅 Personalization**: Ability to add and manage your personal class schedule.
- **🧩 Widgets**: Home screen widgets for both iOS and Android.
- **⚡️ Live Activities**: Stay updated with real-time events on your lock screen.
- **🏝 Dynamic Island**: Deep integration with the Dynamic Island for active session tracking.

---

## 💻 Getting Started

To run the project locally, ensure you have [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) installed and follow these steps:

### 1. Clone the Repository

```sh
git clone https://github.com/TechNerd2009/Stevenson-Space-App.git
cd Stevenson-Space-App
```

### 2. Install Dependencies:

```sh
npm install
```

### 3. Start the Development Server:

```sh
npx expo start
```

### 4. Open the App:

   - For **iOS**: Press `i` to open in the simulator (requires Xcode) or scan the QR code with your camera/Expo Go.
   - For **Android**: Press `a` to open in the simulator (requires Android Studio) or scan the QR code with your camera/Expo Go.

---

## 🤝 Contribution & Bug Reports  

As we are in **Alpha**, your feedback is critical. If you find a bug or have a feature request, please reach out to the development team.
